When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
ANSWER: A remote repository is super useful for sharing one's work with the rest of the world. Many commonly used tools/framewors such as Bootstrap, Atom and JQuery are found in repositories on GitHub. It is all part of the open-sharing environment and people can make contributions to repositories (provided the manager of the repository accepts your change). The remote repository can also serve as the place where you can "release" all the code that you would like shared with other users. 

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
ANSWER: This is very important especially when it comes to managing large repositories for frameworks like Bootstrap, which can have 1000s of commits on GitHub. Since it is open source, there are a lot of contributors who can make edits and the managers of the repo might not necessarily want to accept all those changes. If all those contributions get updated automatically in the local repo of a Bootstrap admin, it could become super chaotic. Pulling changes manually also allows you to fetch the commits/changes that you wish to see in your local repo.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
ANSWER: A fork is the process of cloning the repository from the owner and creating the clone on Github's server. Forking is useful when we want to link back to another user's repo without having to worry about changing files in the owner's repo. This is in contrast to a regular clone, where the repo is cloned from the owner on Github to one's local computer in the form of a local repository. This is always important when we need to add/remove code from the repository. A branch is a series of commits that is part of a larger structure. Typically, we use a branch when we want to experiment a new feature and do not want to modify the master branch.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
ANSWER: The main benefit of having a copy of the last known remote state stored locally is that if one is going to be without internet connectivity for a period of time, such as on a flight, one can access the last known remote state without having to access the remote repo.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
ANSWER: Changes made in a separate branch are better because it allows you to experiment with your code (such as adding and testing a new feature) without compromising on the operation of the master branch. The master branch should typically consist of code that one can revert to in case another branch's code does not work out and branches should be created to deviate from this master. It also makes sense to deviate when a large bug needs to be fixed so that one can focus solely on the bug fix. 
It would make sense to just use the master directly if the bug fix is a very small issue and does not require a branch to be made. At the end of the day, it all depends on the complexity of the code and the logic used by the programmer.
